inventory :
   inventory is a nothing but you can store your purchse items in one location in inventory we have multiple warehouses...


   in odoo inventory app have 2 module:
     1) warehouse mangement system...
     2) advanced barcode app...


   1) warehouse management system...
      1)products
        *) unit of measure => like in purchase app we have unit of measure in warehouse management beacuse here only all all 
           the products will deliver to customer or retailers...

        *) replenishment strategy :
            2 types :
               1) recording rules...
               2) make to order(MTO)
               
               1) in recording rules it will automatically generate the PO/MO  whenever stock will go down min quantity
                  fill upto maximum quantity (NOTE : order not confirmed...)

               2) in MTO whenever sales order is confirmed only po/mo draft is generated



        2) warehouses :
              warehouse means it is contain your stocks..
  
              location :
                 it is the specific part of the one warehouse... you cannot link multiple warehouse in one locaion 
                 in odoo yo can create n number of location for one warehouse
            
              3 types location :
                  1) physical locations
                      it is the internal part of the warehouse that company owns...
                  2) partner location 
                      it is same as physical locations but owned not owned by user company...

                  3) virtual locations...
                     doubt...


                =>> in odoo locations are stored in tree structure...

         3) inventory adjustments...
                count of recorded items always doesnt match actual counts in the warehouse items ,so inventory adjustments needs rectify that...


              The Inventory Adjustments page shows all products that are currently in stock. Each line contains the following information:

                Product

                Lot/Serial Number

                On Hand Quantity


            4) cycle counts...

               In most companies, the stock is only counted once a year. That’s why by default, after making an inventory adjustment in Odoo, 
               the scheduled date for the next count is set on the 31st of December. However, for some businesses
               it’s crucial to have an accurate inventory count at all times.
